in the Americas with his name
associated with many human victims their
lightning deadly accuracy
throw and the strongest poison she doesn't
leaves its victims no chance
this copy of the bare snake went hunting
sticking out the sting she catches in the air
trail of smell that leaves behind
any moving game perhaps you dare
odor particles enter organ
jacobson is in the serpent's mouth
this way the snake gets the information
necessary for her to go on
next to the smell this smell leads to mink
around the mink usually remains a lot
odorous traces of both old and more recent
if the snake catches the rodent in the lantern
dinner is provided for her
unexpected attack is the best weapon as well
snake heads
rodent trapped in
own house will have nowhere to run on
only if the rodent lives there
and this is not a rodent
this goliath tarantula is the largest spider in
the world
the duel will be without rules and to death but
who will win it
tarantula goliath whose foot length is slightly
Does not exceed the diameter of the deep deep
deadly giant giant in
the invertebrate world
this 8 killer eye doesn't matter and
vision but he has 8
hypersensitive legs lower segments
legs covered with microscopic hairs
the so-called 3-battery hairs
rotate freely in thicket shaped
pits and catch the smallest vibrations
airflow changes it's him
main tool for determining
victim information comes in every
spider leg at regular intervals
time allowing it to accurately calculate
future mining location then
goliath carefully steals on
distance from which can make
lightning fast throw and float their
deadly fangs
you have three as needles canines
be up to 2 and a half centimeters long
inside they are hollow through them the poison flows down
which quickly paralyzes the victim and
starts to dissolve it from the inside
acting fanged like a hoe spider
rips the victim apart and grinds
in easily digestible purees
tarantulas often settle in abandoned
rodents burrow
danger of eating their prey allocates
silk thread tarantulas do not weave web
for catching prey and wraps it in
your victim to not get lost
individual pieces and and dissolving body
copies of the head I'm a snake just as dangerous
a predator like a tarantula adult snakes themselves
looking for prey and young
prefer to lie in wait and wait
opportunity a young snake slowly
wiggled white with the tip of the tail imitates
worm movement at the sight of this frog
unable to resist the temptation
fret and snake reacts instantly
hitting the victim with deadly poison
adults copy heads and snakes reaching
two and a half meters long snake to us
the kingdom has very few enemies
after the smell led this snake to mink
now you need to collect all the information
there are many traces of a rodent here but they are all
old means mink may turn out to be
the serpent empty in the hole loses its
benefits there may be too few
places to turn or attack the snake for now
can't determine who is hiding down
but the tarantula has already felt it
presence
giant tarantulas in front of their burrows
put up a kind of fence of thread
cobwebs
they are located so that the spider caught
any movement and on the principle of action
resemble azure alarm spear
the head i snake slips into suspense
I do not suspect that it is already a security case
alarm and spider got
warning of its approach
however, in the pits on the sides of the head of this snake
Sensitive thermal
sensors
assisting with hunting
warm-blooded mammals in their dark
mink but the local lodger is not
mammal
sensitive hairs on spider legs
have already told him all sizes of speed
movement and location uninvited
guest and he prepares for assault fullness
information and surprise attacks give
tarantula all the benefits before
the snake manages to respond the spider introduces
in it a fatal dose of poison paralyzing
the liquid begins to act dissolve
snake's internal organs inflict retaliatory
kick too late and after a few
minutes
the snake is already dead
and u eat the menu starting from the head and
then sucking up all its dissolving
body
after 17 hours from the cop of a snake
there is only an empty skin
in tarantula cleaning up his house
takes out the trash